<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE concept PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Concept//EN" "concept.dtd"[]>
<concept id="GD_partdesignmethods">
    <title>Part Design Methods</title>
    <shortdesc>BricsCAD Mechanical allows you to create and modify 3D models.</shortdesc>
    <conbody>
        <p>Ways to create a 3D model:</p>
        <p>oxygen author edit<ul id="ul_bk1_rnn_kpb">
                <li>Create a 3D solid primitive, such as a box and a cylinder.</li>
                <li>Sketch a 2D profile and extrude or revolve it to make a 3D solid.</li>
                <li>Model a 3D surface and thicken it to make a 3D solid, or stitch several surfaces
                    together to create a watertight 3D solid.</li>
                <li>Import existing 3D solid and surface geometry from other CAD programs.</li>
            </ul></p>
        <p>Ways to edit and add more details to your 3D models:<ul id="ul_afq_vnn_kpb">
                <li>By pushing/pulling, moving and rotating faces.</li>
                <li>By creating Fillets or Chamfers on the model edges.</li>
                <li>By applying Holes.</li>
                <li>By adding protrusion and depressions, and by using Boolean operations, Direct
                    Editing and Deformable Modeling tools.</li>
            </ul></p>
        <p><b>No parent-child dependencies = history-free approach</b></p>
        <p>BricsCAD Mechanical does not create parent-child dependencies between geometric
            primitives and features. All changes made to your part are local; they do not force
            geometry regeneration. This history-free approach allows you to focus on your design
            instead of thinking about how it can be changed in the future.</p>
        <p><b>3D Constraints = Parametric</b></p>
        <p>BricsCAD Mechanical provides a powerful toolset to make your part parametric by adding 3D
            constraints to its faces and edges and link them with global parameters using
            expressions and design tables.</p>
    </conbody>
</concept>
