<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE concept PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Concept//EN" "concept.dtd"[]>
<concept id="GD_editexplodedrepresentations">
    <title>Edit exploded representations</title>
    <conbody>
        <p>Each exploded representation is stored as a block. This allows you to edit the exploded
            representation with the block editor.</p>
        <p>
            <note type="important">Do not use command <cmdname>REFEDIT</cmdname> to edit exploded
                representations. This command is incompatible with exploded representation
                steps.</note>
        </p>
        <p>To open the exploded representation for edit:<ol id="ol_dgw_d1b_lpb">
                <li>Right-click the required exploded representation in the Mechanical Browser.</li>
                <li>Select <uicontrol>Edit</uicontrol> from the context menu.<div>The block editor
                        will open automatically.</div></li>
            </ol></p>
        <p>
            <note type="tip">As an alternative, you can open the exploded representation for edit at
                the end of command <cmdname>BMEXPLODE</cmdname>.</note>
        </p>
        <p>When the exploded representation is open for edit, you can change the state of the
            current step. By default, this is the last step made by the algorithm. However, you can
            change this in two ways:<ul id="ul_hq4_ycb_lpb">
                <li>Use the <b>Current step</b> property of the exploded representation in the
                    browser.</li>
                <li>Right-click the desired step in the Mechanical Browser and select
                        <uicontrol>Apply</uicontrol> from the context menu.</li>
            </ul></p>
        <p>
            <note>If you change the current step, you will discard all unsaved modifications, as
                well as any operation on steps. Make sure that all modifications are saved before
                you change the current step or perform any other operation.</note>
        </p>
        <p>Use commands <cmdname>DMMOVE</cmdname>, <cmdname>MOVE</cmdname>,
                <cmdname>DMROTATE</cmdname>, and <cmdname>BMEXPLODEMOVE</cmdname> to move
            components, inside the exploded representations, to the required positions. Command
                <cmdname>BMEXPLODEMOVE</cmdname> automatically adds all necessary steps after the
            current step. For other operations, save the current step after the edit is complete.
            Only the difference between the current step and the previous one is stored.</p>
        <p>It is also possible to change the exploded representation by performing operations on
            steps. <div>Example: if you remove a step, all components moved at this step will be
                returned to their respective positions before that step.</div><div>Save the current
                step once you have finished the edit. If not, changes will be discarded.</div></p>
        <p>For more information, see Command Reference (@@@ add link).</p>
    </conbody>
</concept>
