<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE concept PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Concept//EN" "concept.dtd"[]>
<concept id="GD_levelsoftheexplodedrepresentation">
    <title>Levels of the exploded representation</title>
    <conbody>
        <p>Exploded representations contain references to the components. </p>
        <p>Two levels of exploded representations are supported: Top and Bottom.</p>
        <p>
            <ul id="ul_qn1_nq1_lpb">
                <li><b>Top level</b>:<div>The exploded representation contains references to the
                        top-level components only. Top-level components are components inserted
                        directly into the main assembly. A top-level component in an exploded
                        representation is not exploded further - all its parts and subassemblies
                        remain assembled. A top-level exploded representation allows you to see the
                        basic composition of your assembly.</div></li>
                <li><b>Bottom level</b>:<div>The exploded representation contains references to the
                        bottom-level components only. Bottom-level components are terminal parts,
                        which do not contain other parts or subassemblies. Bottom-level exploded
                        representations allow you to view all parts in isolation.</div></li>
            </ul>
        </p>
        <p>
            <note>If <b>Bottom level</b> is selected and there are some middle-level components
                containing not only inserts of components, but also other entities, these entities
                will be lost in the exploded representation because it is not possible to reference
                them correctly. Those entities must be converted into corresponding bottom-level
                components first.</note>
        </p>
    </conbody>
</concept>
