<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE concept PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Concept//EN" "concept.dtd"[]>
<concept id="CMD_pointcloudalign">
   <title>POINTCLOUDALIGN command</title>
   <shortdesc>Rotates the point cloud to optimally align it with the X and Y axes. </shortdesc>
   <conbody>
      <p><!--Insert License Level--></p>
      <p><!--Insert link to Tool icon--></p>
      <p><!--Alias:--></p>
      <p>Rotate the point cloud to optimally align it with the X and Y axes in the world coordinate
         system. This enables you to efficiently create and edit entities relative to the point
         cloud using common tools such as orthogonal and polar tracking. If the current drawing has
         only one point cloud attached, it is automatically selected for the align operation. If the
         current drawing has more than one point cloud attached, you are prompted so select which
         point cloud to align. </p>
      <section id="section_xdg_tx5_kpb">
         <title>Methods to align a point cloud </title>
         <p>There are two methods to align a selected point cloud. </p>
         <ul id="ul_ogc_rx5_kpb">
            <li>Full </li>
            <li>Selection </li>
         </ul>
         <p>
            <dl>
               <dlentry>
                  <dt>Full</dt>
                  <dd>Analyzes the entire point cloud to determine the optimal orientation. </dd>
               </dlentry>
               <dlentry>
                  <dt>Selection</dt>
                  <dd>Analyzes points within the selection window to determine the optimal
                     orientation. </dd>
               </dlentry>
               <dlentry>
                  <dt outputclass="indent1">First corner point </dt>
                  <dd outputclass="indent1">Specify the first corner of a rectangular selection
                     window. </dd>
               </dlentry>
               <dlentry>
                  <dt outputclass="indent1">Specify opposite corner</dt>
                  <dd outputclass="indent1">Specify the opposite corner of a rectangular selection
                     window. </dd>
               </dlentry>
            </dl>
         </p>
      </section>
   </conbody>
</concept>
